[Cropperjs][2.x] Document rotation for crop (#3445)
symfony/ux: src/Cropperjs/doc/index.rst

These ``cropper_options`` can be any `the Cropper.js options`_.

.. versionadded:: 2.34

>     The ability to rotate a cropped image or thumbnail was introduced in UX Cropper.js 2.34.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ability to rotate a cropped image or thumbnail has been introduced in UX Cropper.js 2.34.
```

Author: I don't have a strong opinion on that but we are used to use "was" in Symfony doc, like [here](https://symfony.com/doc/7.4/console.html#creating-a-command)
Do you think this is correct or "has been" fits better for this usage ?

Reviewer: Changelogs or notes like this  typically use the present perfect to emphasize that a change is now part of the current version and remains relevant "has been" , IMO this is just a minor stylistic preference, we can keep it as is "was"
